Answer each question in a written format

1. What does semantic HTML mean?

    It means using html tag/element names that are meaningful to a human;
    A human is able to get an idea of the rendered page and its organization.

2. What is the box model?

    Block level elements have three spatial properties which can be customized:
    padding, border, and margin. Padding adjusts the position of content
    within. Border is size of the box itself. Margin
    controls how close other elements can be. Generally, the unit of
    measurement is pixels.

3. What is the difference between IDs and Classes?

    Mainly, ids must be unique to a single element, while many elements may
    use a single class.

4. What does the z-index do?

    In positioned elements, the z-index of each element decides the
    stack order of those elements if they happen to overlap. An element
    that has a higher z-index than another element will overlap the lower
    z-indexed element.

5. Summarize what the keyword 'this' is used for?

    Keyword 'this' is used to control context, which functionally means
    pointing code to the desired object.

6. What is a callback?

    It is a function passed to another function as a parameter.

7. What is a closure?

    A closure is a series of nested functions where the inner returned
    function has access to the outer functions' scope.

8. How does prototype work?

    You define a piece of code as a prototype of an object. Now, each
    object constructed using that object's constructor inherits
    that piece of code.

9. What is MVC?

    Model View Controller. A paradigm in app development where model
    means data/database, View means client UI, and Controller means
    the liaison between the two.

10. What is the component lifecycle?

    Essentially, React components can mount, render, update, and unmount.
    A lifecycle is made up of combinations of these. The functional
    requirement of a given app may require one to interact with the
    component before during or after any one of these stages using
    lifecycle methods. For example, making http calls is best after
    the mount phase of a component using the componentDidMount
    lifecycle method. 

11. What is REST?

    Representational State Transfer. A representation of data available for
    retrieval.

12. Name three ways of getting data from the URL using express

    req.params: '/api/users/:id'
    req.query: '/api/users?name=Sam'
    the path itself: '/api/admin'

create table users (
id serial,
name varchar(255),
email varchar(255)
)

12. Given the Schema above, write the following four basic CRUD db queries using postgres syntax

-Get all users:

    select * from users;

-Create a new user with the name of 'your name' and an email of 'fake@fake.com':

    insert into users(name,email)values('your name','fake@fake.com');

-Update the newly created user's name to 'Bobby Boy':

    update users set name = 'Bobby Boy' where name = 'your name';

-Delete the newly updated user:

    delete from users where name is 'Bobby Boy';
